Marty and I set out on an
expedition to make the first
print and interactive maps of
Patagonia national park
this was a dream project
in Patagonia we wanted to
explore as much of the park as
we could so that meant
bushwhacking off trails that
meant you know scrambling blue
deep brush or crossing tons of
streams that are ice cold and
you know that was part of the
exploration and part of the
adventure of the project when we
were climbing up some of these
remote peaks spend hours going
across screen fields just to get
to the summit get to this
beautiful overlooking and see
what it's like up there and
create maybe a 360° panorama
and the real goal was to give
people an on-the-ground
perspective what it's like to
stand in the park itself
and I mean look at that doesn't
get much better than that
every day's different
what I love most about Patagonia
is no two days are the same
the weather is constantly
changing the light is constantly
changing never know what the
sunrise or sunset or anything in
between will hold and then we
get to come back and produce a
beautiful map that represents
this place and you know share
that with other people that's
really why I do it
the ice fishing reel
yeah